hi everyone this fluorine so I went to
Saks recently to purchase some eyeliner
and I ended up with a whole lot more I
got all this I did purchase eyeliner
though I went there to purchase my
favorite eyeliner ever which is the
Lancome artliner um but I didn't get
past the YSL counter and why a cell
actually made a new felt tip liner so I
thought I'd try it I just put it on like
right before this video so far I like it
and this is a line that it makes but I
made a very crooked line with it turns
out pretty nice if you're looking for a
drugstore alternative they do make one
from l'oreal which is lore'l intense I
believe it's a good liner I can't use it
because I've really sensitive eyes and
for some reason it makes my eyes burn
but if you don't have sensitive eyes uh
it could could work really really nicely
for you but this is the eyeliner effect
fo sills and it's number one which is in
black and if i'm going to call it the
shocking collection because all of the
stuff basically has shocking on it um
and it looks like this it just has a
little felt tip and if we compare it to
my lancome one um it also has a felt tip
that looks similar the only thing that i
am concerned with what this one is at
least the lancome once it's in the
liquid and so it comes out black until
the end this one I guess it's just gonna
come dipping through I don't know we'll
see i've had problems with the pens like
this before they don't they never work
nearly as well um then from that same
little shocking little collection why is
all made a new mascara and the new
mascara is supposed to be better than
the faux sales it's called the mascara
mascara volume effect fo sales and
number one shocking which is black again
which is very boring it's deep black
though
and when you look at it just you know so
shocking on the side I don't know I
haven't used this yet we'll see but it
just looks like a pretty basic mascara
wand and make sure if you get why I sell
mascara is that you make sure it has
that little clink at the end or it will
dry up very quickly but I like the
postal sexually one of my favorite
mascaras um actually mascara I've been
using lately I have like this one a lot
to the only thing i hate about it is
that it's waterproof I bought it for my
wedding ah because it's waterproof and I
we got married in Las Vegas in the heat
and I didn't want my makeup to kind of
run all over my face so I bought this
giorgio armani is to kill and i like it
i might actually purchase it in the non
waterproof because i do like the
waterproof but it's just a pain to get
off it really really sticks to your
lashes which is good in some respects
but i want to be able to take it off at
night and then the other thing that I'm
going to call from the shocking
collection I got the eyeliner effect fo
sills which is a long where cream liner
and also in deep black and it looks a
lot like Max gel liners I'm probably
going to purchase a mac brush it's made
in korea i'm probably going to purchase
a mac a little eyeliner brush to use it
but just like a little pot of black and
they had really nice colors so if i like
this I probably will go back and
purchase some of the colors to me have a
little fun with it but liquid liner is
my favorite um I purchased also from OS
l's newest collection I don't know how
new it is but it's the newest collection
out two of their lipsticks the Rouge of
a day left pearl i believe and i
purchased number 107 which is
impetuous beige I think that's the word
i'm going to call it a pet Jewish page
what they did change about the packaging
from the last time I bought any of the
ridge Phillips is they used to have a
little mirror up here I guess it's just
a save on costs really didn't have any
kind of effect whatsoever but that's the
lipstick color just a nice nude beige I
like that and then the other one is
number 108 in celestial mauve this color
compares a lot to max color snob I might
actually take a picture of this on my
blog and maybe compare them side-by-side
ah it's just number 108 it Celeste mom
or celestial mob and then they had all
these nice blushes in their new
collection and I wanted one but a lot of
them seemed really sheer so i purchased
this pink one and it's the radiant blush
in number six and just this kind of pink
color so I don't really wear blush I
usually just wear bronzer on my cheeks
um like this one that I have broken in
my purse which is by Chanel and it is
the moisturizing bronzing powder in 64
desert rose this is my favorite and then
what else do I have to say I'm going to
have to purchase some more makeup on
Friday I ran out of powder which is they
don't sell in Sarasota so I'm going to
purchase my favorite powder at the
moment that I also purchase for my
wedding which I don't have any left of
which is number seven by Giorgio Armani
and its luminous silk powder doesn't
have SPF that's why purchase it for a
wedding is because when you take
photographs and you see a photograph
from the baby you and your friends
somebody in the pictures sometimes will
have a very white face and when you see
them in person they didn't have that
really white face but it was the SPF
kind of
making them appear like they have that
white face and we didn't want that you
know especially when you're having
photographs taken so yeah I'm gonna
probably repurchase this but if you can
recommend any makeup products I would
love it so please um put them below they
have like Neiman Marcus ins or so I can
check those things out um also um I
probably I don't ever do this but i
probably will everyone Ali's asked me to
put everything that I'm wearing far as
makeup and everything I put that down
below in the side or the blow box i
don't know if it's caught this on called
a sidebar anymore and i also have still
going on on my website fifteen percent
off with a coupon code Labor Day which
ends September 15th but i'll probably
extend it because the 15th is on a
thursday i believe and that's kind of
odd so it'll probably get extended a few
extra days just because you gotta
probably bring it into the weekend but
that's labor day on the current custom
com I saw all the jewelry like I have my
five foot rose gold chain and all that
stuff with the bed down below that's
about it for now so if you have any
questions feel free to put them down
below I'll try to start making more
videos on this channel but that's about
it so goodbye for now